( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) Every 60 seconds in Africa, a minute passes. Together we can stop this. Please spread the word ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
ᕕ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ᕗ run run run as fast as you can, you can’t catch me, I’m the dongerbread man ᕕ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ᕗ
Albert Einstein, one of the greatest minds to ever live, was perplexed by the speed at which Arteezy was able to farm. Seemingly impossible GPMs of 800+ every game were consistently observed, leading to the hypothesis that this was no fluke. Einstein spent the last years of his life trying to prove that the ability of Arteezy's farm existed within the laws of science. Critics laughed at his efforts, claiming that Arteezy's farm was an undeniable act of divine intervention. It wasn't until the end when Einstein found the answer. On his deathbed, Einstein spent the last seconds of his life jotting down what is now the world's most infamous scientific formula. r=tz²
ＨＥＹ　ＲＴＺ，　Ｉ’Ｍ　ＴＲＹＩＮＧ　ＴＯ　ＬＥＡＲＮ　ＴＯ　ＰＬＡＹ　ＲＩＫＩ．　Ｉ　ＪＵＳＴ　ＨＡＶＥ　Ａ　ＱＵＥＳＴＩＯＮ　ＡＢＯＵＴ　ＴＨＥ　ＳＫＩＬＬ　ＢＵＩＬＤ：　ＳＨＯＵＬＤ　Ｉ　ＭＡＸ　ＢＡＣＫＳＴＡＢ　ＬＩＫＥ　ＹＯＵ　ＢＡＣＫＳＴＡＢＢＥＤ　ＥＧ，　ＳＭＯＫＥＳＣＲＥＥＮ　ＳＯ　ＴＨＥＹ　ＭＩＳＳ　ＭＥ　ＬＩＫＥ　ＥＧ　ＭＩＳＳ　ＹＯＵ　７０％　ＯＦ　ＴＨＥ　ＴＩＭＥ，　ＯＲ　ＰＥＲＭＡＮＥＴ　ＩＮＶＩＳＩＢＩＬＩＴＹ　ＳＯ　Ｉ　ＣＯＵＬＤ　ＤＩＳＡＰＰＥＡＲ　ＬＩＫＥ　ＹＯＵ　ＤＩＳＡＰＰＥＡＲＥＤ　ＦＲＯＭ　ＥＧ
10 ʏᴇᴀʀs sɪɴᴄᴇ sɪɴɢ sᴛʀɪᴍ.ɪ ᴡᴀʟᴋ ᴛʜʀᴏᴜɢʜ ᴛʜᴇ ᴇᴍᴘᴛʏ sᴛʀᴇᴇᴛs ᴛʀʏɪɴɢ ᴛᴏ ᴛʜɪɴᴋ ᴏғ sᴏᴍᴇᴛʜɪɴɢ ᴇʟsᴇ ʙᴜᴛ ᴍʏ ᴘᴀᴛʜ ᴀʟᴡᴀʏs ʟᴇᴀᴅs ᴛᴏ ᴛʜᴇ sᴛʀᴇᴀᴍ. ɪ sᴛᴀʀᴇ ᴀᴛ ᴛʜᴇ sᴄʀᴇᴇɴ ғᴏʀ ʜᴏᴜʀs ᴀɴᴅ ᴛʀʏ ᴛᴏ sᴜᴍᴍᴏɴ ᴛʜᴇ ʟᴏʀᴅ. ɪ ᴡᴀᴛᴄʜ ᴏᴛʜᴇʀ ᴀsɪᴀɴ ɢɪʀʟs sᴛʀᴇᴀᴍɪɴɢ ʙᴜᴛ ɪᴛ ɪs ɴᴏ ɢᴏᴏᴅ. ɪ ғʟᴀᴍᴇ ᴅᴇɴᴅɪ ɪɴ ʜɪs ᴄʜᴀɴɴᴇʟ ᴀɴᴅ ᴛʀʏ ᴛᴏ ʀᴇsɪsᴛ ᴛʜᴇ ɴᴀᴢɪ ᴍᴏᴅs ʙᴜᴛ ɪᴛ ɪs ᴀʟʟ ᴍᴇᴀɴɪɴɢʟᴇss. ᴛʜᴇ ᴇɴᴅ ɪs ɴᴇᴀʀ. ɪ ᴛʜᴇɴ ᴜsᴜᴀʟʟʏ ᴡᴀᴛᴄʜ sᴏᴍᴇ ᴏʟᴅ sɪɴɢ ᴠᴏᴅs ᴀɴᴅ ᴄʀʏ ᴍʏsᴇʟғ ᴛᴏ sʟᴇᴇᴘ. 
Romanian doctor say in thick accent, "He suffer from Casualitis, too many salts in blood." OJ is injected into the Kripp, but he continues to mumble "Really bro," and "Wow," numerous times. A priest enters and rips a bag of pepperonis over the Kripp. Papparin say "Drink with me friends," and offer cappucino to all.
ʜᴇʟʟᴏ ᴋʀɪᴘᴘ I ᴀᴍ ғᴀᴍᴏᴜs ᴘᴏʀɴ ᴅɪʀᴇᴄᴛᴏʀ, ᴇᴅᴅʏ ᴘᴀsᴛᴇʀɪɴᴏ. ᴡᴇ ᴡᴏᴜʟᴅ ʟɪᴋᴇ ʏᴏᴜ ᴀɴᴅ ᴋᴀᴄᴇʏᴛʀᴏɴ ᴛᴏ ᴘᴀʀᴛɪᴄɪᴘᴀᴛᴇ ɪɴ ᴏᴜʀ ɴᴇᴡ ᴠɪᴅᴇᴏ " ᴛᴏᴘᴅᴇᴄᴋɪɴ' ɴ ᴡʀᴇᴄᴋɪɴ' " ᴋᴀᴄᴇʏᴛʀᴏɴ ᴡᴏᴜʟᴅ ʙᴇ ᴀ ᴘɪᴢᴢᴀɢɪʀʟ ᴀɴᴅ ʏᴏᴜ sᴀʏ ɴᴏ ᴘɪᴢᴢᴇʀɪɴᴏ ᴀɴᴅ ᴛᴏᴘᴅᴇᴄᴋ ʜᴇʀ. ᴋᴇᴇᴘ ᴅʀɪɴᴋɪɴɢ ᴛhᴀᴛ ᴏʀᴀɴɢᴇ juɪᴄᴇ, ᴀnᴅ ɢɪvᴇ ᴘᴀᴘᴀ ᴀ ʀᴏck. ʀɪᴘ ɪn ᴘᴇᴘᴇʀʀᴏɴɪs m8, ɪ ᴄʀɪ ᴇvᴇʀyᴛɪmᴇ. ᴘʟs no ᴄoᴘy ᴘᴀsᴛᴇʀɪɴᴏ. goodbye ᴋʀɪᴘᴘ﻿
ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ QUIET or RIOT ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ
( ▀̿̿Ĺ̯̿̿▀̿ ̿)̄ ɴᴀᴍᴇ's ᴅᴏɴɢ. ᴊᴀᴍᴇs ᴅᴏɴɢ (▀̿̿Ĺ̯̿̿▀̿ ̿)
༼ ºل͟º༼ ºل͟º༼ ºل͟º༼ ºل͟º ༽ºل͟º ༽ºل͟º ༽You either die a DONG, or live long enough to become the DONGER༼ ºل͟º༼ ºل͟º༼ ºل͟º༼ ºل͟º ༽ºل͟º ༽ºل͟º ༽
⋛⋋( ՞ਊ ՞)⋌⋚ CAW CAW ⋛⋋( ՞ਊ ՞)⋌⋚
ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ 卐 ɴᴀᴢɪ ᴍᴏᴅs 卐 ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ
/╲/\╭( ͡° ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ͡°)╮/\╱\
Kappa Kappa Kappa Kappa Kappa Kappa
Big Plays xD
bruno4president




